when Edward Jenner created the very
first vaccine did he have any idea that
it would become such a controversial
issue all over the world well he
couldn't have imagined that it would get
this much attention that's for sure
Twitter and Facebook have helped bring a
lot of attention to the great
controversies surrounding vaccinations
mainly due to some celebrities being
very vocal about the topic we prepared a
list of celebs who are anti-vaxxers for
several reasons find out what happened
with Jenny McCarthy's son how did Jim
Carrey disappoint some of his fans and
what Mayim Bialik who has a real PhD
thinks of vaccinations and before we
start we share new and exciting
celebrity videos every weekday so be
sure to subscribe to our Channel and
ring the bell to get notified about our
latest videos Jenna Elfman Jenna Elfman
is best known for her leading role in
the ABC sitcom Dharma and Greg you may
recognize her from her recent roles on
growing up Fisher an AMC horror drama
fear the walking dead the actress is now
46 and raising two kids in 2015 she
spoke up on Facebook about the
controversial vaccination issue for
those who have missed the legislative
scandal here's a small recap the senator
of California signed the bill into the
law in 2015 and it removes personal
belief exemptions to vaccination
requirements for entry to schools the
co-authors of the bill even received
death threats
Jenna Elfman turns out to be among those
who are outraged by the law on her
Facebook page she states there is no
health crisis unless they care to create
one wait for it and frankly I'm
astounded that we have to fight so hard
for our parental rights as Americans in
America but the thing is the issue of
vaccinations came to the surface after a
horrible outbreak of measles at
Disneyland in 2014 which prompted the
law to pass so even if Jenna Elfman was
trying to emphasize the importance of
human rights posting I'm not against
vaccinations I am against the state
removing parental rights our freedom to
choose when how to vaccinate is AI MPT
it made her look as if she's a member of
the anti vaccine camp
Elfman is also a member of Scientology a
church that is well known for its
anti-drug position perhaps that had some
influence on her statement too
Jenny McCarthy in fact the tension
around vaccinations started long before
that one of the most famous cases with
celebrities and vaccination
controversies happened with Jenny
McCarthy Jenny started her career as a
nude model for Playboy but you probably
remember her best as a co-host of the
talk show the view she has been married
twice and dated actor Jim Carrey for
five years in-between her only son Evan
was born in 2002 and was diagnosed with
autism three years later McCarthy
believed that the vaccinations her son
received at an early age caused the
disorder even though she denies she is
anti vaccine she became quite vocal
about it and got described by The Daily
Beast as the nation's most prominent
purveyor of anti-vaxxer ideology I don't
think it was just the MMR shot that
caused any kind of trigger with autism I
think it was a compilation of so many
shots to a kid that obviously had some
autoimmune disorders says Jenny but a
couple of years later when her son
seizures were treated the doctors
realized Evan had a disease often
mistaken for autism nevertheless Jenny
denied any mistake in the diagnosis and
was sure she cured her son with some
non-traditional medicine including
hyperbaric oxygen chambers spoons rubbed
on his body a gluten-free and casseon
free diet and chelation try everything
she advises parents Jenny even published
her own books on treating autism
regardless of the lack of decent
scientific proof of the connection
between MMR shots and autism in 2008 she
received the James Randi Educational
Foundation Spig Asus award for her
contribution to the pseudoscience as a
performer who has fooled the greatest
number of people with the least amount
of effort
ouch probably not the kind of award she
was dreaming of on his website James
Randi wrote that he sympathizes with
McCarthy and her son but reproached her
for using her public status to
discourage so many people from
vaccinating their own kids in 2015 a
physiatrist criticized McCarthy in a
Medscape article saying she has no idea
what she is talking about what she said
is misleading and harmful and the
measles outbreak is a clear indication
of the response to the spread of such
pseudo scientific myths
why do you tend to believe more in this
question let us know in the comments
section below
Jim Carrey Jim Carrey is the King of
Comedy who has starred in masterpiece
movies including the mask Bruce Almighty
the Ace Ventura series and so many
others that we would be counting till
tomorrow he managed to use a bit of his
humor in his sketches dissing Trump and
also on stage when making jokes about
Shia LaBeouf but Jim left his sense of
humor behind when it came to vaccination
and seriously took a hard stance on it
his point of view on the question
probably got influenced by his
ex-girlfriend Jenny McCarthy on his
Twitter Jim wrote they say mercury and
fish is dangerous but forcing all of our
children to be injected with mercury in
thimerosal as no-risk makes sense it
triggered a huge discussion it even
resulted in people making jokes about
the couple by referring to his movie
Dumb and Dumber
yikes he also added I repeat I am Pro
vaccinations anti neurotoxin as is
Robert Kennedy jr. posting a link on an
article and book supporting his idea
Robert De Niro Robert De Niro is a
legend best known for his roles on taxi
driver Raging Bull and The Godfather
Part 2 and now for this De Niro was very
impressed by the movie vexed from
cover-up to catastrophe a documentary
that describes all the supposed problems
caused by childhood vaccinations I think
the movie is something that people
should see De Niro explained there is a
lot of information about things that are
happening with the Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention the
pharmaceutical companies there's a lot
of things that are not said I as a
parent of a child who has autism I'm
concerned I want to know the truth Cindy
Crawford the world-famous supermodel
Cindy Crawford also promoted one more
anti vaccine movie trace amounts on her
Twitter a film showing the alleged
connection between mercury in vaccine
and autism
Alicia Silverstone Alicia became a huge
star in the late 90s after the movie
clueless got on screen now it turns out
she's one more member of the
anti-vaccine campaign Alicia does not
oppose the government regulations it
just looks like vaccinations does not
fit into her vegan and well-being
philosophy in her own parenting book the
kind mama which is anti vaccine and anti
diaper
she wrote according to doctors Roizen
and oz while there has not been a
conclusive study of the negative effects
of such a rigorous one-size-fits-all
shoot-'em-up schedule there is
increasing anecdotal evidence from
doctors who have gotten distressed phone
calls from parents claiming their child
was never the same after receiving a
vaccine and I personally have friends
whose babies were drastically affected
in this way Charlie Sheen we're not sure
if he is best known for his role on Two
and a Half Men or for his cocaine and
women abuse charges he has two little
daughters with his former wife Denise
Richards the ex couple had such a big
argument on vaccinating their kids that
they took it to court when Denise who
supports vaccination won the battle
charlie allegedly attacked the doctor in
retaliation we're not sure if that's
true but Sheen definitely opposed the
idea of vaccination Donald Trump before
Donald Trump became the president he
joined the camp of anti-vaxxers back in
2014 he claims vaccination is unsafe of
which there's no decent scientific proof
but he also said he would fix it once he
becomes president on his Twitter he
wrote if I were president I would push
for proper vaccinations but would not
allow one time massive shots that a
small child cannot take autism and yet
we haven't heard much about his progress
on this matter Danny Masterson
do you still remember that 70 show with
Aston Kutcher and Mila Kunis if you do
then you'll definitely remember Danny
Masterson
Danny compared the California
vaccination law to the Nazi methods of
governing tweeting hi friends help me
fight California fascism and sign this
petition no one tells us how to live
am i right perhaps it's also worth
mentioning that Danny is a Scientologist
among other Scientologists who are vocal
about the anti vaccination bill is
Kirstie Alley coincidence or not but the
beloved leader of the kids from the
movie it takes to me and my shadow took
her rage to Twitter saying no on SP 277
nonono protect your rights to choose the
vaccines your kids and you have they are
not all harmless your kids your choice
Mayim Bialik Mayim Bialik who plays Amy
the neuroscientists and white to Sheldon
Cooper in the Big Bang Theory series
it's an incredible coincidence that she
actually has a real-life PhD in
neuroscience the actress describes her
family as a non vaccinating family in an
early interview in 2009 for People
magazine Bialik said we are non
vaccinating families but I make no
claims about people's individual
decisions we based ours on research and
discussions with our pediatrician and
we've been happy with that decision but
obviously there's a lot of controversy
about it but six years is a long time
and it turns out the actress actually
changed her mind regarding vaccinations
Bialik is a role model to many liberal
Jewish parents thousands of people
following her example of parenting in
fact Hollywood rabbi Jeffrey Salkin
stated in his interview to religious
news service the Talmud says Jewish
parents are obligated to teach their
children three things Torah a trade and
how to swim
swimming is a metaphor parents need to
teach their children how to avoid
dangerous situations like for example
infectious diseases perhaps that's what
also influenced Bialik's change of mind
so maam had to clarify her position and
refute the rumors the actress said I
would like to dispel the rumors about my
stance on vaccines I am NOT anti vaccine
my children are vaccinated there has
been so much hysteria and anger about
issue and I hope this clears things up
as far as my part she continued her post
referring to her past statements and
explaining that she is just trying to do
what is best for her children let us
know what you think of celebrities ideas
on vaccinations in the comments below
thanks for watching subscribe to our
channel to not miss a story about your
favorite celebrities
[Music]